he said he just asked me how tall I am
how much your skin goes down
approximately he says okay space I don't know what I don't
have I don't have any need I know I do
n't want to answer because you know I've
seen your [ __ ] have you seen my
[ __ ] Yeah how uncomfortable is this dude I've
seen your [ __ ] Yeah m we mature
many times men more than Great
women and when this kid sees
these debates he's going to get really angry
when you rock your [ __ ] Ah come on giving
r I'll tell you Tell me now let's see
because I would love to know I've
never sent a [ __ ] dick pic to
anyone How is it small they ask me
small no no no When have you seen it of me
without asking I mean I've never in my [ __ ]
life sent a [ __ ] dick pic to
anyone ever Ah I mean they've recorded me
that's what you're saying don't describe me let's
see how you support me because I'm on the side
for what Ricky wanted to stay out of
Andorra About My Corpse I would like to
answer you more this [ __ ] p that you just
said because
people would like the relationship that I have but they are
things that not only  They involve my privacy,
so Ricky is the one who has taken
privacy not only from Dallas but also from
Deing, yes, of course, free. He said that
I like the things that you like.